XS✔ ◾ ✨ New rule - POC and MVP (#8070)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/poc-vs-mvp/rule.md

---
type: rule
archivedreason: 

> title: Do you understand the difference between POC and MVPs?

Reviewer: Either both terms should be singular or plural

```suggestion
title: Do you understand the difference between a POC and MVP?
```
